If you can't afford it, then don't play it. Oh, okay, dear brother.
Don't be angry.
You can't be fine anyway.
Hahahaha
Mr. Hua, are you in a hurry to seek medical attention?
Although this piece looks green from the window
But there are too many cracks
It is impossible to prescribe good materials
I suggest you choose another piece. It's true.
Flowers are doomed to lose
But you're a beautiful woman
I'm going to lose so ugly
No, I'll take this one.
Since the flowers have been selected, let's bloom them.
It's a glass window
Still of high quality
Look at the good quality.
Check it out again.
Although Mr. Gao's piece is also a glass bead
But medium quality
This round
Hua Zongsheng
How is that possible?